azure-cli-support-lifecycle | version refresh (#4455)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/azure-cli-support-lifecycle.md

| 2.69.0         | January 2025     |                  | Minor        | STS          | 2.70.0                  |
| 2.70.0         | February 2025    |                  | Minor        | STS          | 2.71.0                  |
| 2.71.0         | March 2025       |                  | Minor        | STS          | 2.72.0                  |

> | 2.72.0         | April 2025       |                  | Minor        | STS          | _**2.73.0**_            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2.72.0         | April 2025       |                  | Minor        | STS          | 2.73.0            |
```
why would 2.73 be in bold since it is a regular release?

> | 2.73.0         | May 2025         | Yes              | Major        | LTS          | 2.91.0                  |

Reviewer 2: 2.73 ends support after 2.74 is released.

(Only LTS released in October has longer support)

> | 2.73.0         | May 2025         | Yes              | Major        | LTS          | _**2.91.0**_            |

Reviewer 2: Support for version 2.73 ends after version 2.74 is released.

Azure CLI can only be supported on operating systems where the above versions of Python are supported.

* **Windows:** The currently supported versions of Windows client and server meet Python version requirements.
* **macOS:** The currently supported version of macOS 10.9 and above meet Python version requirements.
* **macOS:** The currently supported version of macOS 12 and above meet Python version requirements.
* **Linux:**
  * Each supported operating system has a lifecycle defined by its sponsor organization.
  * Support is typically removed when an operating system goes out of mainline support, at which time we stop testing and supporting it.
  * Here are the supported Linux operating systems for the Azure CLI:

    |Operating system|Version|End of support|
    |-|-|-|
    | Ubuntu| 20.04 LTS| April 2025 |
    | Ubuntu | 20.04 LTS | April 2025 |
    | | 22.04 LTS | April 2027 |
    | | 24.04 LTS | June 2029 |
    | Debian | 10 | June 2024 |
    | | 11 | |
    | | 12 | |
    | RHEL | 8 | May 31, 2029 |
    | | 9 | May 31, 2032 |
    | CentOS Stream | 9 | Estimated 2027 |
    | Mariner | 2.0 | |
    | Alpine | 3.17 | November 22, 2024 |

>     | | 3.16 | May 23, 2024 |

Reviewer: We cannot remove support for Alpine without notice. Let's discuss internally the process.

Author: deletetion removed

>     > On RHEL 7, only Azure CLI 2.38 is supported, but without additional security fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > On RHEL 7, only Azure CLI 2.38 is supported and has received security fixes until June 30, 2024.
```
